ipplan v4.92b

To upgrade an older version of ipplan to the current version, you need 
to point your browser to the same admin/install.php file as per the 
INSTALL file instructions and select the upgrade option, assuming the 
config.php is setup correctly with connection info to your current db.

Note if you select 'Upgrade' with 'Run the SQL now', the upgrade will 
fail with permissions issues.

In order to resolve this behavior, the INSTALL file needs to be
updated with the following grant info to allow future upgrades [as the
upgrade portion requires the alter and create permission]:

	GRANT SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE,DELETE,ALTER,CREATE on ipplan.*
		TO ipplan@localhost IDENTIFIED by 'password';

The added permissions should be removed again after the UPGRADE:

	GRANT SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE,DELETE on ipplan.* 
       		TO ipplan@localhost IDENTIFIED by 'password';

Please read below for additional upgrade instructions and caveats.



Apr 27, 2007
-  ipplan:	if you intend upgrading MySQL to 5.1, ensure that you upgrade
		IPplan to the latest version first. If you did not upgrade
		IPplan first, you will get database errors and you will be
		required to manually rename the schema table by executing the
		following SQL:

			RENAME TABLE `range` TO `netrange`;

Jul 3, 2006
		display templates now reside in /ipplan/templates/display - ensure you
			move custom template .xml files from /ipplan/user to the new location
			and ensure that the permissions are correct otherwise your
			fields will be "unknown"

Nov 11, 2004
-  ipplan:	if you intend upgrading MySQL to 5, ensure that you upgrade
		IPplan to the latest version first. If you did not upgrade
		IPplan first, you will get database errors and you will be
		required to manually rename the schema table by executing the
		following SQL:

			RENAME TABLE `schema` TO `version`;

Jan 09, 2004
-  ipplan:	when upgrading postgress make sure you read the onscreen
		instructions - postgress is broken and things needs to
		be done fairly manually

Nov 12, 2004
-  ipplan:	when upgrading make sure to backup your database. Also
		make sure you make a backup of the config file for
		reference and also make backups of your templates

Dec 31, 2003
-  ipplan:	when upgrading to a new version, be sure to run the
		admin/install.php script

Dec 17, 2001
-  ipplan:	when new groups are created the administrator has a new
		option which can limit which customers the group can see.
		this may be confusing to some users as their visibility
		to information may have changed. the default is that all
		groups see all customers information
		
Nov 9, 2001
-  ipplan:	you will need to create a new group for customer creation
		and add some users to it. customers are not created via the
		admin user anymore.

Oct 31, 2001
-  ipplan:	the name of the project has changed. you can still keep
		your existing databases with the same name, just remember
		to make the necessary changes in the config.php file.

Aug 24, 2001
-  ipplan:	to upgrade I suggest that the existing web tree
		is deleted, unpack the new version and redo the config.php
		file

Jul 30, 2001
-  ipplan:	to upgrade you will temporarily need to grant root access
		to the database while the upgrade is taking place. modify
		the user and password in the config.php script to do the
		upgrade.
